hey how's it going Dave TD here so right
now in early to mid 2018 I'm actually
seeing a lot of laptop companies coming
out with her eighth generation laptops
so their coffee like aged processors
which are really powerful and for like
the right user for CPU intensive
applications they are awesome so if
you're like a streamer or if you do
video editing or if you're doing like 3d
stuff machine learning six cores is
excellent but for a lot of people
especially gamers those extra cores
aren't all that useful so you can
actually find some very comparable
performance from the previous generation
of laptops and just save a lot of money
so this is kind of like a guide or some
kind of like I don't know just a video
to kind of guide you in the right
direction so we're gonna look at two
things refurb options and used options
so the first thing is reverb reverb
devices like refurbished devices they're
sometimes a stigma when it comes to like
buying refurbished stuff like it's like
oh it's used like whatever but here's
the thing a lot of refurbished laptops
are coming from like corporate devices
so like you have that 45 or 50 year old
executive at a company that like gets
new devices every year that's part of
the company perk right and then one year
later they get swapped out for a newer
device and then so that older device
goes back to the laptop manufacturer
they recondition it sometimes will swap
out the battery and then they resell it
at a severely discounted price sometimes
which is awesome and so those devices
that come from corporate ownership are
just they're so lightly used that
they're basically brand new and if you
can get your hands on some of those
sometimes it's like really good pricing
so refurbished options are excellent if
if you buy it from the right brand so
Apple they have excellent refurbished
options like some of the stuff that
comes from Apple look it's basically
brand-new when you buy a refurbished you
gets all the florentine everything but
if you're talking about gaming laptops
the one brand that comes to mind the one
brand that really sticks out is like
being an excellent option for me is Dell
they have what I would consider like
they have a very big corporate market so
they have a ton of consumers out there
and like that whole corporate ownership
that I just described that happens a lot
with Dell devices the XPS line like they
have tons of them that are just 25 30
percent off it's very significant and
the same thing goes with their Alienware
lineup if you
want something that's like dedicated for
gaming same thing goes there so now
there are other brands that have the
refurbished thing as well
Acer ACS they all do it but the
difference here is that the discount
isn't that substantial I think a lot of
that comes from volume I think Dell just
has a really big corporate or enterprise
market so they just had a lot of stuff
doing this whole refurb cycle um the
other option is buying used and when it
comes to buying use your pricing is
gonna vary wildly you if you can get
some really sweet deals here and there
but I'm just gonna kind of go through I
don't know a few pointers that I think
people should kind of keep in mind when
it comes to buying used um okay first
trying to find a gtx 1050 or a gtx 1060
graphics card so like the 10 series
graphics card were such a significant
jump in performance from the 9 series
that you should try to get one if you
can it was just better performance for
lower wattage which means less heat and
when you're buying used less heat is
good ok so the second thing you want to
keep in mind is the thermal performance
you don't want to buy a used laptop that
didn't have good thermal performance
because you never know how these things
were treated right if the previous user
was constantly running their laptop at
Full Tilt and it had bad thermal
performance then yeah you won't have
heart devices like that now the last
thing you want to keep in mind is that
if you're buying a device locally like
so you can actually go check this thing
out before you actually pay the guy
money you want a stress test it don't
just like go there and take a look at it
and play some games you want to bring a
USB key loaded up with a 264 or 3dmark
or any kind of benchmarking suite that
you're comfortable with bring it there
test it out because if there's a problem
with the laptop it'll probably appear it
in a stress test but you might miss it
when you're playing games or something
like that so stress test if you can I
don't feel dorky to go there and be like
hey man can I use this USB key and
stress test like just do it
the dude you're giving this guy a lot of
money you just do your due diligence
make sure you check it out as thoroughly
as you can ok that's basically it I mean
there's a lot of really cool devices
coming out right now 6 core device that
is really powerful but for gamers this
is just a really good way to save some
money ok hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs if you liked it
Saab's if you loved it and see you guys
next time